NATS Manager Documentation for User (#94)
kyma-project/nats-manager: docs/user/02-configuration.md

# Configuration

> The CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) `nats.operator.kyma-project.io` is a detailed description to define the NATS custom resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) `nats.operator.kyma-project.io` describes the the NATS custom resource (CR) in detail.
```

To show the current CRD, run the following command:

   ```shell
   kubectl get crd nats.operator.kyma-project.io -o yaml
   ```

> The complete NATS CRD can be found [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/nats-manager/blob/main/config/crd/bases/operator.kyma-project.io_nats.yaml#L1) including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the complete [NATS CRD](https://github.com/kyma-project/nats-manager/blob/main/config/crd/bases/operator.kyma-project.io_nats.yaml#L1) including detailed descriptions for each field.
```

> detailed descriptions for each field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The NATS CR is used to configure the settings of NATS JetStream. The settings can be edited with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NATS CR configures the settings of NATS JetStream. To edit the settings. run:
```

   ```shell
   kubectl edit -n kyma-system nats.operator.kyma-project.io <NATS CR Name>
   ```

> The CRD is equipped with validation rules and defaulting. The CR is automatically filled with sensible defaults

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CRD is equipped with validation rules and defaulting, so the CR is automatically filled with sensible defaults. You can override the defaults. The validation rules provide guidance when you edit the CR.
```
Just guessing

> that can be overridden. The validation rules provide guidance when editing the CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Examples

> This project contains several sample CRs to provide some guidance. Each can be applied immediately when [installing](../contributor/installation.md) the NATS Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following sample CRs as guidance. Each can be applied immediately when you [install](../contributor/installation.md) the NATS Manager.
```

# Configuration

The CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) `nats.operator.kyma-project.io` is a detailed description to define the NATS custom resource.
To show the current CRD, run the following command:

   ```shell
   kubectl get crd nats.operator.kyma-project.io -o yaml
   ```

The complete NATS CRD can be found [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/nats-manager/blob/main/config/crd/bases/operator.kyma-project.io_nats.yaml#L1) including
detailed descriptions for each field.

The NATS CR is used to configure the settings of NATS JetStream. The settings can be edited with the following command:

   ```shell

>    k edit -n kyma-system nats.operator.kyma-project.io

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   k edit -n kyma-system nats.operator.kyma-project.io <NATS CR Name>
```

   ```

The CRD is equipped with validation rules and defaulting. The CR is automatically filled with sensible defaults

> that can be overridden and validation rules provide guidance when editing the CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that can be overridden. The validation rules provide guidance when editing the CR.
```
